can be defined by is ObjectProperty.
can be defined by Domain Smell disorders,.
can be defined by Domain Subjects,.
can be defined by Domain Taste disorders.
can be defined by Range Chemosensory phenotyping.
is part of is ObjectProperty.
is part of Domain Allergy evaluation,.
is part of Domain Demographic characteristics,.
is part of Domain Family History,.
is part of Domain Review of systems,.
is part of Domain chemosensory symptoms or signs,.
is part of Domain history of illness,.
is part of Domain past history and chronic diseases,.
is part of Domain physical examination findings,.
is part of Domain social history.
is part of Range Chemosensory phenotyping.
Allergy evaluation is Class.
Allergy evaluation SubClassOf Chemosensory phenotyping.
Allievating factors is Class.
Allievating factors SubClassOf history of illness.
Antiparkinsonian is Class.
Antiparkinsonian SubClassOf medication.
Antipsychotics is Class.
Antipsychotics SubClassOf medication.
Antithyroid agents is Class.
Antithyroid agents SubClassOf medication.
Associated ENT symptoms or signs is Class.
Associated ENT symptoms or signs SubClassOf history of illness.
Cardiovascular is Class.
Cardiovascular SubClassOf Review of systems.
Characteristic event is Class.
Characteristic event SubClassOf history of illness.
Chemosensory phenotyping is Class.
Thing is www.w3.org/2002/07/#.
Cytostatics is Class.
Cytostatics SubClassOf medication.
Demographic characteristics is Class.
Demographic characteristics SubClassOf Chemosensory phenotyping.
Evolution is Class.
Evolution SubClassOf history of illness.
Exacerbating factors is Class.
Exacerbating factors SubClassOf history of illness.
Eyes is Class.
Eyes SubClassOf Review of systems.
Family History is Class.
Family History SubClassOf Chemosensory phenotyping.
Gastrointestinal is Class.
Gastrointestinal SubClassOf Review of systems.
General is Class.
General SubClassOf Review of systems.
Integumentary is Class.
Integumentary SubClassOf Review of systems.
Manufacturing processes is Class.
Manufacturing processes SubClassOf toxic exposure.
Muscle relaxants is Class.
Muscle relaxants SubClassOf medication.
Musculoskeletal is Class.
Musculoskeletal SubClassOf Review of systems.
Nasal and paranasal is Class.
Nasal and paranasal SubClassOf physical examination findings.
Neurological is Class.
Neurological SubClassOf Review of systems.
Onset is Class.
Onset SubClassOf history of illness.
Respiratory is Class.
Respiratory SubClassOf Review of systems.
Review of systems is Class.
Review of systems SubClassOf Chemosensory phenotyping.
Smell disorders is Class.
Thing is www.w3.org/2002/07/#.
Subjects is Class.
Thing is www.w3.org/2002/07/#.
Taste disorders is Class.
Thing is www.w3.org/2002/07/#.
Topical intranasal drugs is Class.
Topical intranasal drugs SubClassOf medication.
active substance is Class.
active substance SubClassOf pharmacologic.
age is Class.
age SubClassOf Demographic characteristics.
alcohol consumption is Class.
alcohol consumption SubClassOf social history.
allergens is Class.
allergens SubClassOf Allergy evaluation.
allergens DisjointWith subjective allergic status.
allergic immunologic is Class.
allergic immunologic SubClassOf Review of systems.
alternative medicine is Class.
alternative medicine SubClassOf received intervention for the current problem.
anti-infectious drugs is Class.
anti-infectious drugs SubClassOf medication.
anti-inflammatory drugs is Class.
anti-inflammatory drugs SubClassOf medication.
antiepileptic drugs is Class.
antiepileptic drugs SubClassOf medication.
antimigraine drugs is Class.
antimigraine drugs SubClassOf medication.
apparition is Class.
apparition SubClassOf Onset.
behavioral is Class.
behavioral SubClassOf received intervention for the current problem.
cardiovascular drugs is Class.
cardiovascular drugs SubClassOf medication.
chemosensory symptoms or signs is Class.
chemosensory symptoms or signs SubClassOf Chemosensory phenotyping.
conditions is Class.
conditions SubClassOf Family History.
conditions DisjointWith relatives.
cranial nerves is Class.
cranial nerves SubClassOf physical examination findings.
delivery method is Class.
delivery method SubClassOf pharmacologic.
drugs is Class.
drugs SubClassOf allergens.
dusts is Class.
dusts SubClassOf toxic exposure.
effect on quality of life is Class.
effect on quality of life SubClassOf history of illness.
endocrine is Class.
endocrine SubClassOf Review of systems.
ethnicity is Class.
ethnicity SubClassOf Demographic characteristics.
food is Class.
food SubClassOf allergens.
frequency is Class.
frequency SubClassOf history of illness.
gender is Class.
gender SubClassOf Demographic characteristics.
hematologic lymphatic is Class.
hematologic lymphatic SubClassOf Review of systems.
history of illness is Class.
history of illness SubClassOf Chemosensory phenotyping.
hypopharynx and larynx is Class.
hypopharynx and larynx SubClassOf physical examination findings.
insects is Class.
insects SubClassOf allergens.
laterality is Class.
laterality SubClassOf history of illness.
main complaint is Class.
main complaint is equivalent to smell.
main complaint SubClassOf taste.
main complaint DisjointWith smell.
medical condition is Class.
medical condition SubClassOf past history and chronic diseases.
medication is Class.
medication SubClassOf past history and chronic diseases.
metallic compounds is Class.
metallic compounds SubClassOf toxic exposure.
metallurgical processes is Class.
metallurgical processes SubClassOf toxic exposure.
mites is Class.
mites SubClassOf allergens.
modalities is Class.
modalities SubClassOf taste.
molds is Class.
molds SubClassOf pollens.
nonmetallic inorganic compounds is Class.
nonmetallic inorganic compounds SubClassOf toxic exposure.
oral cavity and oropharynx is Class.
oral cavity and oropharynx SubClassOf physical examination findings.
organic compounds is Class.
organic compounds SubClassOf toxic exposure.
other is Class.
other SubClassOf received intervention for the current problem.
other procedures is Class.
other procedures SubClassOf past history and chronic diseases.
otologic and otoneurologic is Class.
otologic and otoneurologic SubClassOf physical examination findings.
past history and chronic diseases is Class.
past history and chronic diseases SubClassOf Chemosensory phenotyping.
pharmacologic is Class.
pharmacologic SubClassOf received intervention for the current problem.
physical examination findings is Class.
physical examination findings SubClassOf Chemosensory phenotyping.
pollens is Class.
pollens SubClassOf allergens.
profession is Class.
profession SubClassOf social history.
psychiatric is Class.
psychiatric SubClassOf Review of systems.
psychiatric medication is Class.
psychiatric medication SubClassOf medication.
quantity is Class.
quantity SubClassOf tabacco consumption.
race is Class.
race SubClassOf Demographic characteristics.
received intervention for the current problem is Class.
received intervention for the current problem SubClassOf history of illness.
rehabilitation is Class.
rehabilitation SubClassOf received intervention for the current problem.
relatives is Class.
relatives SubClassOf Family History.
relatives DisjointWith conditions.
smell is Class.
smell is equivalent to main complaint.
smell SubClassOf chemosensory symptoms or signs.
smell DisjointWith main complaint.
smoking status is Class.
smoking status SubClassOf tabacco consumption.
social history is Class.
social history SubClassOf Chemosensory phenotyping.
subjective allergic status is Class.
subjective allergic status SubClassOf Allergy evaluation.
subjective allergic status DisjointWith allergens.
surgical is Class.
surgical SubClassOf received intervention for the current problem.
surgical procedures is Class.
surgical procedures SubClassOf past history and chronic diseases.
symptoms pattern is Class.
symptoms pattern SubClassOf history of illness.
tabacco consumption is Class.
tabacco consumption SubClassOf social history.
taste is Class.
taste SubClassOf chemosensory symptoms or signs.
time frame is Class.
time frame SubClassOf Onset.
toxic exposure is Class.
toxic exposure SubClassOf profession.
www.w3.org/2002/07/# is Class.
1-2 pack a day is Individual.
1-2 pack a day Types quantity.
3 -24 months ago is Individual.
3 -24 months ago Types time frame.
Alzheimer's Disease is Individual.
Alzheimer's Disease Types Taste disorders,.
Alzheimer's Disease Types conditions,.
Alzheimer's Disease Types medical condition.
Bell's palsy is Individual.
Bell's palsy Types Taste disorders.
I don't know is Individual.
I don't know Types laterality,.
I don't know Types symptoms pattern,.
I don't know Types time frame.
Problems producing people's names or the right words for objects is Individual.
Problems producing people's names or the right words for objects Types Neurological.
crepitus, tenderness, step-offs or mobility of the region of the nasal bone is Individual.
crepitus, tenderness, step-offs or mobility of the region of the nasal bone Types Nasal and paranasal.
factory - naval, battery, thermometer, metal is Individual.
factory - naval, battery, thermometer, metal Types profession.
parkinson's disease is Individual.
parkinson's disease Types Smell disorders,.
parkinson's disease Types Taste disorders,.
parkinson's disease Types conditions,.
parkinson's disease Types medical condition.
ACE inhibitor is Individual.
ACE inhibitor Types cardiovascular drugs.
Anorexia is Individual.
Anorexia Types General.
Asthenia is Individual.
Asthenia Types General.
Bardet-Biedl syndrome is Individual.
Bardet-Biedl syndrome Types Smell disorders,.
Bardet-Biedl syndrome Types conditions.
Beta blockers is Individual.
Beta blockers Types cardiovascular drugs.
Borreliosis is Individual.
Borreliosis Types Taste disorders.
Cement is Individual.
Cement Types dusts.
Clozapine is Individual.
Clozapine Types Antipsychotics.
Cromolyn is Individual.
Cromolyn Types active substance.
Cystic fibrosis is Individual.
Cystic fibrosis Types medical condition.
Depression and other mood disturbances is Individual.
Depression and other mood disturbances Types Neurological.
Dichromates is Individual.
Dichromates Types metallic compounds.
Dysgrosia is Individual.
Dysgrosia Types Neurological.
Emotional Fading is Individual.
Emotional Fading Types Neurological.
Ex-smoker is Individual.
Ex-smoker Types smoking status.
Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease is Individual.
Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease Types Taste disorders.
HIV is Individual.
HIV Types Taste disorders.
Iatrogenic is Individual.
Iatrogenic Types Smell disorders,.
Iatrogenic Types Taste disorders.
Idiopathic is Individual.
Idiopathic Types Smell disorders.
Ischemic stroke is Individual.
Ischemic stroke Types Taste disorders.
Isolated congenital anosmia is Individual.
Isolated congenital anosmia Types Smell disorders,.
Isolated congenital anosmia Types conditions.
Lack of Vitality is Individual.
Lack of Vitality Types Neurological.
Levodopa is Individual.
Levodopa Types Antiparkinsonian.
Losartan is Individual.
Losartan Types cardiovascular drugs.
Medical treatment is Individual.
Medical treatment Types Allievating factors.
Misplacing important objects with increasing frequency is Individual.
Misplacing important objects with increasing frequency Types Neurological.
NSAID is Individual.
NSAID Types Exacerbating factors,.
NSAID Types drugs.
Nasal deformities is Individual.
Nasal deformities Types Nasal and paranasal.
No known allergies is Individual.
No known allergies Types subjective allergic status.
No recovery after upper respiratory tract infection is Individual.
No recovery after upper respiratory tract infection Types Characteristic event.
Not a smoker is Individual.
Not a smoker Types smoking status.
Olfactory groove meningioma is Individual.
Olfactory groove meningioma Types Smell disorders.
Olfactory intolerence is Individual.
Olfactory intolerence Types smell.
Painter is Individual.
Painter Types profession.
Per os is Individual.
Per os Types delivery method.
Problem in handling financial results from mathematical challenges is Individual.
Problem in handling financial results from mathematical challenges Types Neurological.
Problems with memory or concentration is Individual.
Problems with memory or concentration Types Neurological.
Recent events and conversations are increasingly Forgotten is Individual.
Recent events and conversations are increasingly Forgotten Types Neurological.
Reduced memory of personal history is Individual.
Reduced memory of personal history Types Neurological.
Rinne negative left is Individual.
Rinne negative left Types otologic and otoneurologic.
Rinne negative right is Individual.
Rinne negative right Types otologic and otoneurologic.
Rinne positive left is Individual.
Rinne positive left Types otologic and otoneurologic.
Rinne positive right is Individual.
Rinne positive right Types otologic and otoneurologic.
Sjorgren syndrome is Individual.
Sjorgren syndrome Types Taste disorders,.
Sjorgren syndrome Types medical condition.
Spatial Disorientation is Individual.
Spatial Disorientation Types Neurological.
Steel production is Individual.
Steel production Types metallurgical processes.
Toxic agent is Individual.
Toxic agent Types Smell disorders,.
Toxic agent Types Taste disorders.
Trifluoperazine is Individual.
Trifluoperazine Types Antipsychotics.
Very badly is Individual.
Very badly Types effect on quality of life.
Vitamine B12 is Individual.
Vitamine B12 Types active substance.
Waking up is Individual.
Waking up Types Exacerbating factors.
Weber lateralized right is Individual.
Weber lateralized right Types otologic and otoneurologic.
Weber laterilized left is Individual.
Weber laterilized left Types otologic and otoneurologic.
Weber no lateralization is Individual.
Weber no lateralization Types otologic and otoneurologic.
Wegener granulomatosis is Individual.
Wegener granulomatosis Types Taste disorders.
Zinc-containing nasal spray is Individual.
Zinc-containing nasal spray Types Topical intranasal drugs.
acetaldehyde is Individual.
acetaldehyde Types organic compounds.
acetalozamide is Individual.
acetalozamide Types antiepileptic drugs.
acetic acid is Individual.
acetic acid Types organic compounds.
acetophenone is Individual.
acetophenone Types organic compounds.
aciclovir is Individual.
aciclovir Types anti-infectious drugs.
acids is Individual.
acids Types Manufacturing processes.
acupuncture is Individual.
acupuncture Types alternative medicine.
adenoidectomy is Individual.
adenoidectomy Types surgical procedures.
ageusia is Individual.
ageusia Types main complaint.
air-fluid levels or bubbles is Individual.
air-fluid levels or bubbles Types otologic and otoneurologic.
allergic rhinitis is Individual.
allergic rhinitis Types conditions,.
allergic rhinitis Types medical condition.
alpha lipoic acid is Individual.
alpha lipoic acid Types active substance.
alum is Individual.
alum Types metallic compounds.
aminoglycoside is Individual.
aminoglycoside Types anti-infectious drugs.
amiodarone is Individual.
amiodarone Types cardiovascular drugs.
amitriptyline is Individual.
amitriptyline Types psychiatric medication.
amlodipine is Individual.
amlodipine Types cardiovascular drugs.
ammonia is Individual.
ammonia Types nonmetallic inorganic compounds.
amoxicillin is Individual.
amoxicillin Types active substance.
amoxicillin clavulanate is Individual.
amoxicillin clavulanate Types active substance.
amphetamine is Individual.
amphetamine Types psychiatric medication.
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is Individual.
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis Types Taste disorders.
aneurysm clipping is Individual.
aneurysm clipping Types surgical procedures.
aneurysm coiling is Individual.
aneurysm coiling Types surgical procedures.
anosmia is Individual.
anosmia Types smell.
anticholinergic is Individual.
anticholinergic Types active substance.
antihistamine is Individual.
antihistamine Types active substance.
antileukotriene is Individual.
antileukotriene Types active substance.
arsenic is Individual.
arsenic Types metallic compounds.
arsenite is Individual.
arsenite Types metallic compounds.
asphalt is Individual.
asphalt Types Manufacturing processes.
aspirin is Individual.
aspirin Types Exacerbating factors,.
aspirin Types drugs.
asthma is Individual.
asthma Types conditions,.
asthma Types medical condition.
aunt is Individual.
aunt Types relatives.
aural fullness is Individual.
aural fullness Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
avoiding gas-related device is Individual.
avoiding gas-related device Types behavioral.
baclofen is Individual.
baclofen Types Muscle relaxants.
badly is Individual.
badly Types effect on quality of life.
beclometasone is Individual.
beclometasone Types anti-inflammatory drugs.
bending is Individual.
bending Types Exacerbating factors.
bending sign is Individual.
bending sign Types Nasal and paranasal.
benzene is Individual.
benzene Types organic compounds.
benzodiazepine is Individual.
benzodiazepine Types psychiatric medication.
better is Individual.
better Types Evolution.
bilateral is Individual.
bilateral Types laterality.
bilateral epistaxis is Individual.
bilateral epistaxis Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
bilateral inferior turbinate hypertrophy is Individual.
bilateral inferior turbinate hypertrophy Types Nasal and paranasal.
bilateral middle turbinate hypertrophy is Individual.
bilateral middle turbinate hypertrophy Types Nasal and paranasal.
bilateral nasal mass is Individual.
bilateral nasal mass Types Nasal and paranasal.
bilateral nasal obstruction is Individual.
bilateral nasal obstruction Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
bilateral olfactory cleft nonvisualized or congested is Individual.
bilateral olfactory cleft nonvisualized or congested Types Nasal and paranasal.
bilateral ostiomeatal complex obstruction is Individual.
bilateral ostiomeatal complex obstruction Types Nasal and paranasal.
bitter is Individual.
bitter Types modalities.
blind spots in peripheral vision is Individual.
blind spots in peripheral vision Types Eyes.
blindness is Individual.
blindness Types Eyes.
blurred central vision is Individual.
blurred central vision Types Eyes.
born without a sense of smell is Individual.
born without a sense of smell Types Characteristic event,.
born without a sense of smell Types apparition.
bradykinesia is Individual.
bradykinesia Types Neurological.
brain surgery is Individual.
brain surgery Types surgical.
brother is Individual.
brother Types relatives.
budesonide is Individual.
budesonide Types anti-inflammatory drugs.
burning is Individual.
burning Types Eyes.
burning mouth is Individual.
burning mouth Types main complaint.
burning mouth syndrome is Individual.
burning mouth syndrome Types Taste disorders.
butyl acetate is Individual.
butyl acetate Types organic compounds.
cadmium is Individual.
cadmium Types metallic compounds.
carbamazepine is Individual.
carbamazepine Types antiepileptic drugs.
carbimazole is Individual.
carbimazole Types Antithyroid agents.
carbon disulfide is Individual.
carbon disulfide Types nonmetallic inorganic compounds.
carbon monoxide is Individual.
carbon monoxide Types nonmetallic inorganic compounds.
cardiogenic shock is Individual.
cardiogenic shock Types Cardiovascular.
carotid gustatory syndrome is Individual.
carotid gustatory syndrome Types Taste disorders.
caroverine is Individual.
caroverine Types active substance.
cervical artery dissection is Individual.
cervical artery dissection Types Taste disorders.
change in saliva consistency is Individual.
change in saliva consistency Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
charpenter is Individual.
charpenter Types profession.
checking food expiration date to avoid spoiled food ingestion is Individual.
checking food expiration date to avoid spoiled food ingestion Types behavioral.
chemicals is Individual.
chemicals Types dusts.
chemist is Individual.
chemist Types profession.
chlorine is Individual.
chlorine Types nonmetallic inorganic compounds.
chloroform is Individual.
chloroform Types organic compounds.
chlorometanes is Individual.
chlorometanes Types organic compounds.
choanal atresia is Individual.
choanal atresia Types Nasal and paranasal.
chocking while eating is Individual.
chocking while eating Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
cholestyramine is Individual.
cholestyramine Types cardiovascular drugs.
chromium is Individual.
chromium Types metallurgical processes.
chronic otitis media is Individual.
chronic otitis media Types medical condition.
chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis is Individual.
chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis Types Smell disorders,.
chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis Types medical condition.
chronic rhinosinusitis without polyps is Individual.
chronic rhinosinusitis without polyps Types medical condition.
clofibrate is Individual.
clofibrate Types cardiovascular drugs.
clomipramine is Individual.
clomipramine Types psychiatric medication.
clozapine is Individual.
clozapine Types psychiatric medication.
cocaine is Individual.
cocaine Types Topical intranasal drugs.
cocaine hydrochloride is Individual.
cocaine hydrochloride Types active substance.
codeine is Individual.
codeine Types active substance.
coldness is Individual.
coldness Types Taste disorders.
conjunctivitis is Individual.
conjunctivitis Types Eyes.
constant is Individual.
constant Types symptoms pattern.
constipation is Individual.
constipation Types Neurological.
copper is Individual.
copper Types metallic compounds.
corticosteroid is Individual.
corticosteroid Types Topical intranasal drugs,.
corticosteroid Types active substance.
cotton is Individual.
cotton Types dusts.
cough is Individual.
cough Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs,.
cough Types Respiratory.
cranial nerve 2 to 12 grossly intact is Individual.
cranial nerve 2 to 12 grossly intact Types cranial nerves.
creutzfeld-jakob disease is Individual.
creutzfeld-jakob disease Types Taste disorders.
cryptorchidism is Individual.
cryptorchidism Types medical condition.
current smoker is Individual.
current smoker Types smoking status.
cutting oils is Individual.
cutting oils Types Manufacturing processes.
cyanide is Individual.
cyanide Types dusts.
cytarabine is Individual.
cytarabine Types Cytostatics.
dantrolene is Individual.
dantrolene Types Muscle relaxants.
daugther is Individual.
daugther Types relatives.
day is Individual.
day Types frequency.
decrease in planning or organizational skills is Individual.
decrease in planning or organizational skills Types Neurological.
delayed puberty is Individual.
delayed puberty Types medical condition.
dental issue is Individual.
dental issue Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
dental procedure is Individual.
dental procedure Types other procedures.
dermatitis is Individual.
dermatitis Types Integumentary,.
dermatitis Types medical condition.
desipramine is Individual.
desipramine Types psychiatric medication.
deviated columella is Individual.
deviated columella Types Nasal and paranasal.
dexametasone is Individual.
dexametasone Types anti-inflammatory drugs.
dexamphetamine is Individual.
dexamphetamine Types psychiatric medication.
diabetes is Individual.
diabetes Types Taste disorders,.
diabetes Types medical condition.
diahrrea is Individual.
diahrrea Types Gastrointestinal.
diffuse laryngeal edema is Individual.
diffuse laryngeal edema Types hypopharynx and larynx.
diltiazem is Individual.
diltiazem Types cardiovascular drugs.
dioxide is Individual.
dioxide Types dusts.
diplopia is Individual.
diplopia Types Eyes.
do not remember is Individual.
do not remember Types apparition.
doxepin is Individual.
doxepin Types psychiatric medication.
doxorubicin is Individual.
doxorubicin Types Cytostatics.
drug induced smell dysfunction is Individual.
drug induced smell dysfunction Types Smell disorders.
drug induced taste dysfunction is Individual.
drug induced taste dysfunction Types Taste disorders.
dysmnesia is Individual.
dysmnesia Types Neurological.
dysphagia is Individual.
dysphagia Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs,.
dysphagia Types Neurological.
dysphasia is Individual.
dysphasia Types Neurological.
dyspnea is Individual.
dyspnea Types Respiratory.
dyspraxia is Individual.
dyspraxia Types Neurological.
endoscopic sinus surgery is Individual.
endoscopic sinus surgery Types surgical,.
endoscopic sinus surgery Types surgical procedures.
epileptic crisis is Individual.
epileptic crisis Types Neurological.
epiphora is Individual.
epiphora Types Eyes.
erythema or hyperemia arytenoids is Individual.
erythema or hyperemia arytenoids Types hypopharynx and larynx.
eszopiclone is Individual.
eszopiclone Types psychiatric medication.
ethyl acetate is Individual.
ethyl acetate Types organic compounds.
evening is Individual.
evening Types Exacerbating factors.
facial pain is Individual.
facial pain Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
facial palsy is Individual.
facial palsy Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
falling asleep is Individual.
falling asleep Types Exacerbating factors.
falls is Individual.
falls Types Neurological.
familial dysautonomia is Individual.
familial dysautonomia Types Taste disorders.
father is Individual.
father Types relatives.
fever is Individual.
fever Types General.
fluctuating is Individual.
fluctuating Types symptoms pattern.
fluorides is Individual.
fluorides Types nonmetallic inorganic compounds.
food allergy is Individual.
food allergy Types medical condition.
formaldehyde is Individual.
formaldehyde Types organic compounds.
fragrances is Individual.
fragrances Types Manufacturing processes.
frontal or maxillary tenderness is Individual.
frontal or maxillary tenderness Types Nasal and paranasal.
frontal pressure is Individual.
frontal pressure Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
gabapentine is Individual.
gabapentine Types active substance.
ganciclovir is Individual.
ganciclovir Types anti-infectious drugs.
gardner is Individual.
gardner Types profession.
gas detector is Individual.
gas detector Types behavioral.
general anesthesia is Individual.
general anesthesia Types surgical procedures.
ginko biloba is Individual.
ginko biloba Types alternative medicine.
glossitis is Individual.
glossitis Types medical condition.
gold is Individual.
gold Types anti-inflammatory drugs.
granuloma granulation tissue is Individual.
granuloma granulation tissue Types hypopharynx and larynx.
griseofulvin is Individual.
griseofulvin Types anti-infectious drugs.
guillain-barre syndrome is Individual.
guillain-barre syndrome Types Taste disorders.
halitosis is Individual.
halitosis Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
hardly at all is Individual.
hardly at all Types effect on quality of life.
hardwoods is Individual.
hardwoods Types dusts.
head trauma is Individual.
head trauma Types Characteristic event.
headache is Individual.
headache Types Neurological.
heat is Individual.
heat Types Taste disorders.
hemorrhagic stroke is Individual.
hemorrhagic stroke Types Taste disorders.
hemotympanum is Individual.
hemotympanum Types otologic and otoneurologic.
hepatitis C is Individual.
hepatitis C Types Taste disorders.
high blood pressure is Individual.
high blood pressure Types medical condition.
hoarseness is Individual.
hoarseness Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
hour is Individual.
hour Types frequency.
hours is Individual.
hours Types frequency.
hydrogen is Individual.
hydrogen Types nonmetallic inorganic compounds.
hypercholesterolemia is Individual.
hypercholesterolemia Types medical condition.
hypergeusia is Individual.
hypergeusia Types main complaint.
hyperosmia is Individual.
hyperosmia Types smell.
hypertonic sodium chloride is Individual.
hypertonic sodium chloride Types active substance.
hypoacusis is Individual.
hypoacusis Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
hypogeusia is Individual.
hypogeusia Types main complaint.
hyposmia is Individual.
hyposmia Types smell.
imipramine is Individual.
imipramine Types psychiatric medication.
infertility is Individual.
infertility Types endocrine.
installation of dental prosthesis is Individual.
installation of dental prosthesis Types other procedures.
intravenous is Individual.
intravenous Types delivery method.
it has been there as long as I can remember is Individual.
it has been there as long as I can remember Types time frame.
kallmann syndrome is Individual.
kallmann syndrome Types Smell disorders,.
kallmann syndrome Types conditions.
kartagener syndrome is Individual.
kartagener syndrome Types Smell disorders,.
kartagener syndrome Types conditions.
kidney disease is Individual.
kidney disease Types Taste disorders.
known allergies is Individual.
known allergies Types subjective allergic status.
lamotrigine is Individual.
lamotrigine Types antiepileptic drugs.
laryngeal prurit is Individual.
laryngeal prurit Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
laryngectomy is Individual.
laryngectomy Types surgical procedures.
lead is Individual.
lead Types Manufacturing processes.
lead smelting is Individual.
lead smelting Types metallurgical processes.
left epistaxis is Individual.
left epistaxis Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
left facial paresthesia is Individual.
left facial paresthesia Types Neurological.
left inferior turbinate hypertrophy is Individual.
left inferior turbinate hypertrophy Types Nasal and paranasal.
left middle turbinate hypertrophy is Individual.
left middle turbinate hypertrophy Types Nasal and paranasal.
left nasal mass is Individual.
left nasal mass Types Nasal and paranasal.
left nasal obstruction is Individual.
left nasal obstruction Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
left olfactory cleft nonvisualized or congested is Individual.
left olfactory cleft nonvisualized or congested Types Nasal and paranasal.
left ostiomeatal complex obstruction is Individual.
left ostiomeatal complex obstruction Types Nasal and paranasal.
left septal deviation is Individual.
left septal deviation Types Nasal and paranasal.
less than 1 pack a day is Individual.
less than 1 pack a day Types quantity.
less than 3 months ago is Individual.
less than 3 months ago Types time frame.
levothyroxine is Individual.
levothyroxine Types Antithyroid agents.
lithium is Individual.
lithium Types psychiatric medication.
liver disease is Individual.
liver disease Types Taste disorders,.
liver disease Types medical condition.
machado-joseph disease is Individual.
machado-joseph disease Types Taste disorders.
macrolides is Individual.
macrolides Types anti-infectious drugs.
magnet production is Individual.
magnet production Types metallurgical processes.
manganese is Individual.
manganese Types metallurgical processes.
mastoid ecchymosis is Individual.
mastoid ecchymosis Types otologic and otoneurologic.
maternal grandfather is Individual.
maternal grandfather Types relatives.
maternal grandmother is Individual.
maternal grandmother Types relatives.
maxillary pressure is Individual.
maxillary pressure Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
medium badly is Individual.
medium badly Types effect on quality of life.
metallic is Individual.
metallic Types modalities.
methotrexate is Individual.
methotrexate Types Cytostatics.
methylphenidate is Individual.
methylphenidate Types psychiatric medication.
metronidazole is Individual.
metronidazole Types anti-infectious drugs.
microlaryngoscopy is Individual.
microlaryngoscopy Types surgical procedures.
micropenis is Individual.
micropenis Types endocrine.
middle ear surgery is Individual.
middle ear surgery Types surgical procedures.
migraine is Individual.
migraine Types Smell disorders.
mild cognitive impairment is Individual.
mild cognitive impairment Types Smell disorders.
mildly is Individual.
mildly Types effect on quality of life.
minocycline is Individual.
minocycline Types active substance.
minute is Individual.
minute Types frequency.
minutes is Individual.
minutes Types frequency.
moderate cognitive decline is Individual.
moderate cognitive decline Types Smell disorders.
month is Individual.
month Types frequency.
more than 2 pack a day is Individual.
more than 2 pack a day Types quantity.
more than 2 years is Individual.
more than 2 years Types time frame.
morning is Individual.
morning Types Exacerbating factors.
mother is Individual.
mother Types relatives.
mucosal inflammation is Individual.
mucosal inflammation Types Nasal and paranasal.
multiple sclerosis is Individual.
multiple sclerosis Types Smell disorders,.
multiple sclerosis Types Taste disorders.
myasthenia gravis is Individual.
myasthenia gravis Types Taste disorders.
naratriptan is Individual.
naratriptan Types antimigraine drugs.
nasal adenocarcinoma is Individual.
nasal adenocarcinoma Types Smell disorders.
nasal drops is Individual.
nasal drops Types delivery method.
nasal drops in mygind position is Individual.
nasal drops in mygind position Types delivery method.
nasal irrigation is Individual.
nasal irrigation Types delivery method.
nasal polyps grade 1 is Individual.
nasal polyps grade 1 Types Nasal and paranasal.
nasal polyps grade 2 is Individual.
nasal polyps grade 2 Types Nasal and paranasal.
nasal polyps grade 3 is Individual.
nasal polyps grade 3 Types Nasal and paranasal.
nasal posterior drip is Individual.
nasal posterior drip Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
nasal spray is Individual.
nasal spray Types delivery method.
nasal valve surgery is Individual.
nasal valve surgery Types surgical.
neoplasia is Individual.
neoplasia Types medical condition.
nephew is Individual.
nephew Types relatives.
nickel is Individual.
nickel Types metallic compounds.
nickel plating or refining is Individual.
nickel plating or refining Types metallurgical processes.
niece is Individual.
niece Types relatives.
nifedipine is Individual.
nifedipine Types cardiovascular drugs.
night is Individual.
night Types Exacerbating factors.
night vision dysfunction is Individual.
night vision dysfunction Types Eyes.
nitrate is Individual.
nitrate Types metallic compounds.
nitric acid is Individual.
nitric acid Types nonmetallic inorganic compounds.
no change is Individual.
no change Types Evolution.
no puberty is Individual.
no puberty Types medical condition.
non mobile or retracted tympanic membrane is Individual.
non mobile or retracted tympanic membrane Types otologic and otoneurologic.
noon is Individual.
noon Types Exacerbating factors.
normal is Individual.
normal Types Nasal and paranasal,.
normal Types hypopharynx and larynx,.
normal Types oral cavity and oropharynx,.
normal Types otologic and otoneurologic.
normotonic sodium chloride is Individual.
normotonic sodium chloride Types active substance.
nortriptyline is Individual.
nortriptyline Types psychiatric medication.
not at all is Individual.
not at all Types effect on quality of life.
occipital headache is Individual.
occipital headache Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
ocular prurit is Individual.
ocular prurit Types Eyes.
olfactory cleft stripping is Individual.
olfactory cleft stripping Types surgical.
olfactory cleft syndrome is Individual.
olfactory cleft syndrome Types Smell disorders.
olfactory training is Individual.
olfactory training Types rehabilitation.
oncle is Individual.
oncle Types relatives.
oral cavitiy infection is Individual.
oral cavitiy infection Types Characteristic event.
oral or pharyngeal foreign body sensation is Individual.
oral or pharyngeal foreign body sensation Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
oral pain is Individual.
oral pain Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
oral surgery is Individual.
oral surgery Types surgical procedures.
oral thrush is Individual.
oral thrush Types oral cavity and oropharynx.
orthostatic hypotension is Individual.
orthostatic hypotension Types Neurological.
oseltamivir is Individual.
oseltamivir Types anti-infectious drugs.
osteoporosis is Individual.
osteoporosis Types medical condition.
otitis media is Individual.
otitis media Types Characteristic event.
outdoor activities is Individual.
outdoor activities Types Exacerbating factors.
oxymetazoline is Individual.
oxymetazoline Types Topical intranasal drugs,.
oxymetazoline Types active substance.
paints is Individual.
paints Types Manufacturing processes.
palatal palsy is Individual.
palatal palsy Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
paracetamol is Individual.
paracetamol Types active substance.
paraneoplastic syndrome - lung cancer is Individual.
paraneoplastic syndrome - lung cancer Types Taste disorders.
parosmia is Individual.
parosmia Types smell.
partial puberty is Individual.
partial puberty Types medical condition.
passive smoker is Individual.
passive smoker Types smoking status.
paternal grandfather is Individual.
paternal grandfather Types relatives.
paternal grandmother is Individual.
paternal grandmother Types relatives.
patient food education is Individual.
patient food education Types behavioral.
penicillamine is Individual.
penicillamine Types anti-inflammatory drugs.
penicillin is Individual.
penicillin Types anti-infectious drugs.
pentoxyfilline is Individual.
pentoxyfilline Types active substance.
perennial is Individual.
perennial Types symptoms pattern.
personal hygiene monitoring is Individual.
personal hygiene monitoring Types behavioral.
phantosmia is Individual.
phantosmia Types smell.
phantosmia or hyperosmia preceding or during headache is Individual.
phantosmia or hyperosmia preceding or during headache Types Characteristic event.
phantosmia preceding a seizure is Individual.
phantosmia preceding a seizure Types Characteristic event.
pharmacist is Individual.
pharmacist Types profession.
pharyngeal pain is Individual.
pharyngeal pain Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
phenylephrine is Individual.
phenylephrine Types Topical intranasal drugs.
phenytoin is Individual.
phenytoin Types antiepileptic drugs.
physical activities is Individual.
physical activities Types Allievating factors.
pirodavir is Individual.
pirodavir Types anti-infectious drugs.
polydactyly is Individual.
polydactyly Types Musculoskeletal.
polyneuritis cranialis is Individual.
polyneuritis cranialis Types Taste disorders.
polypectomy is Individual.
polypectomy Types surgical procedures.
positive cottle sign is Individual.
positive cottle sign Types Nasal and paranasal.
post-traumatic olfactory loss is Individual.
post-traumatic olfactory loss Types Smell disorders.
post traumatic taste dysfunction is Individual.
post traumatic taste dysfunction Types Taste disorders.
posterior commissure hypertrophy is Individual.
posterior commissure hypertrophy Types hypopharynx and larynx.
posterior nasal drip is Individual.
posterior nasal drip Types Nasal and paranasal,.
posterior nasal drip Types oral cavity and oropharynx.
postinfectious olfactory loss is Individual.
postinfectious olfactory loss Types Smell disorders.
postural instability is Individual.
postural instability Types Neurological.
potash is Individual.
potash Types dusts.
primary amenorrhea is Individual.
primary amenorrhea Types endocrine.
printer is Individual.
printer Types profession.
progressive is Individual.
progressive Types apparition.
propafenone is Individual.
propafenone Types cardiovascular drugs.
propylthiouracil is Individual.
propylthiouracil Types Antithyroid agents.
prurit oral cavity is Individual.
prurit oral cavity Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
pseudoephedrine is Individual.
pseudoephedrine Types Topical intranasal drugs.
purulent and thick secretions is Individual.
purulent and thick secretions Types Nasal and paranasal.
purulent rhinorrhea is Individual.
purulent rhinorrhea Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
pyrosis is Individual.
pyrosis Types Gastrointestinal.
quinolone is Individual.
quinolone Types anti-infectious drugs.
rabies is Individual.
rabies Types Taste disorders.
radiotherapy is Individual.
radiotherapy Types other,.
radiotherapy Types other procedures.
rash is Individual.
rash Types Integumentary.
redness is Individual.
redness Types Eyes.
renal agenesis is Individual.
renal agenesis Types medical condition.
renal disease is Individual.
renal disease Types medical condition.
resting tremor is Individual.
resting tremor Types Neurological.
retronasal dysfunction is Individual.
retronasal dysfunction Types smell.
rhinoplasty is Individual.
rhinoplasty Types surgical,.
rhinoplasty Types surgical procedures.
right epistaxis is Individual.
right epistaxis Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
right facial paresthesia is Individual.
right facial paresthesia Types Neurological.
right inferior turbinate hypertrophy is Individual.
right inferior turbinate hypertrophy Types Nasal and paranasal.
right middle turbinate hypertrophy is Individual.
right middle turbinate hypertrophy Types Nasal and paranasal.
right nasal mass is Individual.
right nasal mass Types Nasal and paranasal.
right nasal obstruction is Individual.
right nasal obstruction Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
right olfactory cleft nonvisualized or congested is Individual.
right olfactory cleft nonvisualized or congested Types Nasal and paranasal.
right ostiomeatal complex obstruction is Individual.
right ostiomeatal complex obstruction Types Nasal and paranasal.
right septal deviation is Individual.
right septal deviation Types Nasal and paranasal.
rigidity is Individual.
rigidity Types Neurological.
rizatriptan is Individual.
rizatriptan Types antimigraine drugs.
rubber vulcanization is Individual.
rubber vulcanization Types Manufacturing processes.
salty is Individual.
salty Types modalities.
salty dysgeusia is Individual.
salty dysgeusia Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
seasonal is Individual.
seasonal Types symptoms pattern.
second is Individual.
second Types frequency.
selenium dioxide is Individual.
selenium dioxide Types nonmetallic inorganic compounds.
septal hematoma is Individual.
septal hematoma Types Nasal and paranasal.
septal perforation is Individual.
septal perforation Types Nasal and paranasal.
septoplasty is Individual.
septoplasty Types surgical,.
septoplasty Types surgical procedures.
sialadenitis is Individual.
sialadenitis Types medical condition.
sialolithiasis is Individual.
sialolithiasis Types medical condition.
silicon is Individual.
silicon Types dusts.
silver is Individual.
silver Types metallic compounds.
sister is Individual.
sister Types relatives.
situs inversus is Individual.
situs inversus Types Gastrointestinal.
sleep disturbance is Individual.
sleep disturbance Types Neurological.
sneezing is Individual.
sneezing Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
sodium citrate is Individual.
sodium citrate Types active substance.
son is Individual.
son Types relatives.
sour is Individual.
sour Types modalities.
space-occupying lesion is Individual.
space-occupying lesion Types Taste disorders.
spices is Individual.
spices Types Manufacturing processes.
spironolactone is Individual.
spironolactone Types cardiovascular drugs.
statins is Individual.
statins Types cardiovascular drugs.
status post tonsillectomy is Individual.
status post tonsillectomy Types oral cavity and oropharynx.
status post uvuloplasty is Individual.
status post uvuloplasty Types oral cavity and oropharynx.
stridor is Individual.
stridor Types Respiratory.
subarachnoid hemorrhage is Individual.
subarachnoid hemorrhage Types medical condition.
subglottic edema is Individual.
subglottic edema Types hypopharynx and larynx.
sudden is Individual.
sudden Types apparition.
sumatriptan is Individual.
sumatriptan Types antimigraine drugs.
surgical treatment is Individual.
surgical treatment Types Allievating factors.
sweet is Individual.
sweet Types modalities.
tabacco is Individual.
tabacco Types Manufacturing processes.
tactile dysgeusia is Individual.
tactile dysgeusia Types main complaint.
tanning is Individual.
tanning Types Manufacturing processes.
taste agnosia is Individual.
taste agnosia Types main complaint.
temporal lobe epilespy is Individual.
temporal lobe epilespy Types Smell disorders.
temporal lobectomy is Individual.
temporal lobectomy Types surgical procedures.
terbinafide is Individual.
terbinafide Types anti-infectious drugs.
tetracycline is Individual.
tetracycline Types anti-infectious drugs.
theophylline is Individual.
theophylline Types active substance.
therapeutic agents is Individual.
therapeutic agents Types Smell disorders.
thiamazole is Individual.
thiamazole Types Antithyroid agents.
thick endolaryngeal mucus is Individual.
thick endolaryngeal mucus Types hypopharynx and larynx.
thyroid disease is Individual.
thyroid disease Types medical condition.
tin fumes is Individual.
tin fumes Types metallurgical processes.
tongue numbness is Individual.
tongue numbness Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
tonsillectomy is Individual.
tonsillectomy Types surgical procedures.
topiramate is Individual.
topiramate Types antiepileptic drugs.
tracheal intubation is Individual.
tracheal intubation Types surgical procedures.
transsphenoidal surgery is Individual.
transsphenoidal surgery Types surgical procedures.
trichloroethane is Individual.
trichloroethane Types organic compounds.
trichloroethylene is Individual.
trichloroethylene Types organic compounds.
trifluoperazine is Individual.
trifluoperazine Types psychiatric medication.
tunnel vision is Individual.
tunnel vision Types Eyes.
turbinectomy is Individual.
turbinectomy Types surgical,.
turbinectomy Types surgical procedures.
turbinoplasty is Individual.
turbinoplasty Types surgical.
tympanic membrane perforation is Individual.
tympanic membrane perforation Types otologic and otoneurologic.
umami is Individual.
umami Types modalities.
unilateral left is Individual.
unilateral left Types laterality.
unilateral right is Individual.
unilateral right Types laterality.
upper respiratory tract infection is Individual.
upper respiratory tract infection Types Smell disorders.
urinary dysfunction is Individual.
urinary dysfunction Types Neurological.
urticaria is Individual.
urticaria Types Integumentary.
uvuloplasty is Individual.
uvuloplasty Types surgical procedures.
ventricular obliteration is Individual.
ventricular obliteration Types hypopharynx and larynx.
vertigo is Individual.
vertigo Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
vincristine is Individual.
vincristine Types Cytostatics.
visual impairment is Individual.
visual impairment Types Neurological.
vitamine A is Individual.
vitamine A Types active substance.
vocal folds edema is Individual.
vocal folds edema Types hypopharynx and larynx.
vomiting is Individual.
vomiting Types Gastrointestinal.
watery and clear secrections is Individual.
watery and clear secrections Types Nasal and paranasal.
watery rhinorrhea is Individual.
watery rhinorrhea Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
wax is Individual.
wax Types dusts.
week is Individual.
week Types frequency.
weight gain is Individual.
weight gain Types General.
weight loss is Individual.
weight loss Types General.
wheezing is Individual.
wheezing Types Respiratory.
woodworker is Individual.
woodworker Types profession.
worse is Individual.
worse Types Evolution.
xerophtalmia is Individual.
xerophtalmia Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
xerosis is Individual.
xerosis Types Integumentary.
xerostomy is Individual.
xerostomy Types Associated ENT symptoms or signs.
zinc is Individual.
zinc Types metallic compounds.
zinc gluconate is Individual.
zinc gluconate Types active substance.
zolpidem is Individual.
zolpidem Types psychiatric medication.
parageusia/ is Individual.
parageusia/ Types main complaint.
parageusia/ DisjointClasses Allergy evaluation,Demographic characteristics,Family History,Review of systems,chemosensory symptoms or signs,history of illness,past history and chronic diseases,physical examination findings,social history.
parageusia/ DisjointClasses Allievating factors,Associated ENT symptoms or signs,Characteristic event,Evolution,Exacerbating factors,Onset,active substance,alternative medicine,behavioral,delivery method,effect on quality of life,laterality,other,pharmacologic,received intervention for the current problem,rehabilitation,surgical,symptoms pattern.
parageusia/ DisjointClasses Antiparkinsonian,Antipsychotics,Antithyroid agents,Cytostatics,Muscle relaxants,Topical intranasal drugs,anti-infectious drugs,anti-inflammatory drugs,antiepileptic drugs,antimigraine drugs,cardiovascular drugs,medical condition,medication,other procedures,psychiatric medication,surgical procedures.
parageusia/ DisjointClasses Cardiovascular,Eyes,Gastrointestinal,General,Integumentary,Musculoskeletal,Neurological,Respiratory,allergic immunologic,endocrine,hematologic lymphatic,psychiatric.
parageusia/ DisjointClasses Chemosensory phenotyping,Smell disorders,Subjects,Taste disorders.
parageusia/ DisjointClasses Manufacturing processes,alcohol consumption,dusts,metallic compounds,metallurgical processes,nonmetallic inorganic compounds,organic compounds,profession,tabacco consumption,toxic exposure.
parageusia/ DisjointClasses Nasal and paranasal,cranial nerves,hypopharynx and larynx,oral cavity and oropharynx,otologic and otoneurologic.
parageusia/ DisjointClasses age,ethnicity,gender,race.
