www.w3.org/2000/01/-schema# is AnnotationProperty.
dateTime is Datatype.
integer is Datatype.
string is Datatype.
has connection is ObjectProperty.
has connection Domain measurement or user.
has connection Range connection.
has date is ObjectProperty.
has date Domain measurement.
has date Range date.
has intention is ObjectProperty.
has intention Domain measurement.
has intention Range intention.
has provider is ObjectProperty.
has provider Domain connection.
has provider Range provider.
has weight is ObjectProperty.
has weight Domain measurement.
has weight Range weight.
is provided by is ObjectProperty.
is provided by Domain measurement.
is provided by Range provider.
has date value is DataProperty.
has date value Domain date.
has date value Range dateTime.
has date value SubPropertyOf has value.
has value is DataProperty.
has weight value is DataProperty.
has weight value Domain weight.
has weight value Range integer.
has weight value SubPropertyOf has value.
adult is Class.
adult SubClassOf intention.
arts and entertainment is Class.
arts and entertainment SubClassOf intention.
autos and vehicles is Class.
autos and vehicles SubClassOf intention.
beauty and fitness is Class.
beauty and fitness SubClassOf intention.
books and literature is Class.
books and literature SubClassOf intention.
business and industry is Class.
business and industry SubClassOf intention.
career and education is Class.
career and education SubClassOf intention.
computer and electronics is Class.
computer and electronics SubClassOf intention.
connection is Class.
Thing is www.w3.org/2002/07/#.
www.w3.org/2000/01/-schema# is Annotations.
Thing is www.w3.org/2002/07/#.
date is Class.
Thing is www.w3.org/2002/07/#.
finance is Class.
finance SubClassOf intention.
food and drink is Class.
food and drink SubClassOf intention.
gambling is Class.
gambling SubClassOf intention.
games is Class.
games SubClassOf intention.
health is Class.
health SubClassOf intention.
home and garden is Class.
home and garden SubClassOf intention.
intention is Class.
Thing is www.w3.org/2002/07/#.
internet and telecom is Class.
internet and telecom SubClassOf intention.
law and government is Class.
law and government SubClassOf intention.
measurement is Class.
Thing is www.w3.org/2002/07/#.
news and media is Class.
news and media SubClassOf intention.
people and society is Class.
people and society SubClassOf intention.
pets and animals is Class.
pets and animals SubClassOf intention.
provider is Class.
Thing is www.w3.org/2002/07/#.
recreation and hobbies is Class.
recreation and hobbies SubClassOf intention.
reference is Class.
reference SubClassOf intention.
science is Class.
science SubClassOf intention.
shopping is Class.
shopping SubClassOf intention.
sports is Class.
sports SubClassOf intention.
travel is Class.
travel SubClassOf intention.
user is Class.
Thing is www.w3.org/2002/07/#.
weight is Class.
Thing is www.w3.org/2002/07/#.
www.w3.org/2002/07/# is Class.
www.w3.org/2000/01/-schema# is Annotations.
credit, loans and mortgages is Individual.
credit, loans and mortgages Types finance.
gay, lesbian, and bisexual is Individual.
gay, lesbian, and bisexual Types people and society.
accommodation and hotels is Individual.
accommodation and hotels Types travel.
accounting is Individual.
accounting Types finance.
ad network is Individual.
ad network Types internet and telecom.
addictions is Individual.
addictions Types health.
adult is Individual.
adult Types adult.
aerospace and defence is Individual.
aerospace and defence Types business and industry.
agriculture is Individual.
agriculture Types science.
agriculture and forestry is Individual.
agriculture and forestry Types business and industry.
airlines and airports is Individual.
airlines and airports Types travel.
alternative and natural medicine is Individual.
alternative and natural medicine Types health.
animal products and service is Individual.
animal products and service Types pets and animals.
animation and comics is Individual.
animation and comics Types arts and entertainment.
antiques is Individual.
antiques Types recreation and hobbies.
antiques and collectibles is Individual.
antiques and collectibles Types shopping.
architecture is Individual.
architecture Types arts and entertainment.
archives is Individual.
archives Types reference.
ask an expert is Individual.
ask an expert Types reference.
associations is Individual.
associations Types business and industry.
astronomy is Individual.
astronomy Types science.
auctions is Individual.
auctions Types shopping.
automotive industry is Individual.
automotive industry Types autos and vehicles.
automotive news is Individual.
automotive news Types autos and vehicles.
aviation is Individual.
aviation Types autos and vehicles.
awards is Individual.
awards Types arts and entertainment.
banking is Individual.
banking Types finance.
baseball is Individual.
baseball Types sports.
basketball is Individual.
basketball Types sports.
beauty is Individual.
beauty Types beauty and fitness.
beverages is Individual.
beverages Types food and drink.
bingo is Individual.
bingo Types gambling.
biology is Individual.
biology Types science.
biotechnology and pharmaceuticals is Individual.
biotechnology and pharmaceuticals Types business and industry.
birds is Individual.
birds Types pets and animals.
board and card games is Individual.
board and card games Types games.
boating is Individual.
boating Types autos and vehicles.
bodyart is Individual.
bodyart Types beauty and fitness.
book retailers is Individual.
book retailers Types books and literature.
boxing is Individual.
boxing Types sports.
business news is Individual.
business news Types news and media.
business services is Individual.
business services Types business and industry.
business training is Individual.
business training Types career and education.
camps is Individual.
camps Types recreation and hobbies.
car buying is Individual.
car buying Types autos and vehicles.
car rentals is Individual.
car rentals Types autos and vehicles.
casinos is Individual.
casinos Types gambling.
catering is Individual.
catering Types food and drink.
celebrities and entertainment news is Individual.
celebrities and entertainment news Types arts and entertainment.
chats and forums is Individual.
chats and forums Types internet and telecom.
chemicals is Individual.
chemicals Types business and industry.
chemistry is Individual.
chemistry Types science.
child health is Individual.
child health Types health.
children is Individual.
children Types shopping.
classifieds is Individual.
classifieds Types shopping.
climbing is Individual.
climbing Types recreation and hobbies.
clothing is Individual.
clothing Types shopping.
collecting is Individual.
collecting Types recreation and hobbies.
college and university press is Individual.
college and university press Types news and media.
computer hardware is Individual.
computer hardware Types computer and electronics.
computer security is Individual.
computer security Types computer and electronics.
conditions and diseases is Individual.
conditions and diseases Types health.
construction and maintenance is Individual.
construction and maintenance Types business and industry.
consumer electronics is Individual.
consumer electronics Types computer and electronics,.
consumer electronics Types shopping.
cooking and recipes is Individual.
cooking and recipes Types food and drink.
cosmetics is Individual.
cosmetics Types beauty and fitness.
coupons is Individual.
coupons Types shopping.
crafts is Individual.
crafts Types recreation and hobbies.
crime and prosecution is Individual.
crime and prosecution Types people and society.
customer service is Individual.
customer service Types business and industry.
cycling and biking is Individual.
cycling and biking Types sports.
death is Individual.
death Types people and society.
dentistry is Individual.
dentistry Types health.
diagnostic tests is Individual.
diagnostic tests Types health.
dictionaries and encyclopedias is Individual.
dictionaries and encyclopedias Types reference.
dietary supplements is Individual.
dietary supplements Types health.
directories is Individual.
directories Types reference.
disabled and special needs is Individual.
disabled and special needs Types people and society.
domain names and register is Individual.
domain names and register Types internet and telecom.
drugs and therapy is Individual.
drugs and therapy Types health.
e books is Individual.
e books Types books and literature.
e commerce is Individual.
e commerce Types business and industry.
earth sciences is Individual.
earth sciences Types science.
education is Individual.
education Types career and education.
education and resources is Individual.
education and resources Types health.
educational resources is Individual.
educational resources Types science.
email is Individual.
email Types internet and telecom.
energy is Individual.
energy Types business and industry.
engineering and technology is Individual.
engineering and technology Types science.
environment is Individual.
environment Types science.
equestrian is Individual.
equestrian Types sports.
ethnic and regional is Individual.
ethnic and regional Types shopping.
exercise and physical activity is Individual.
exercise and physical activity Types health.
extreme sports is Individual.
extreme sports Types sports.
fantasy sports is Individual.
fantasy sports Types sports.
fashion and modeling is Individual.
fashion and modeling Types arts and entertainment.
file sharing is Individual.
file sharing Types internet and telecom.
financial management is Individual.
financial management Types finance.
fish and aquaria is Individual.
fish and aquaria Types pets and animals.
fishing is Individual.
fishing Types sports.
fitness is Individual.
fitness Types beauty and fitness.
flowers is Individual.
flowers Types shopping.
folklore is Individual.
folklore Types books and literature.
food and grocery retailers is Individual.
food and grocery retailers Types food and drink.
football is Individual.
football Types sports.
furniture is Individual.
furniture Types shopping.
gardening is Individual.
gardening Types home and garden.
genealogy is Individual.
genealogy Types people and society.
general merchandise is Individual.
general merchandise Types shopping.
gifts is Individual.
gifts Types shopping.
golf is Individual.
golf Types sports.
government is Individual.
government Types law and government.
grants and scholarships is Individual.
grants and scholarships Types finance.
graphics and multimedia tools is Individual.
graphics and multimedia tools Types computer and electronics.
guides and reviews is Individual.
guides and reviews Types books and literature.
hair is Individual.
hair Types beauty and fitness.
healthcare industry is Individual.
healthcare industry Types health.
history is Individual.
history Types people and society.
holidays is Individual.
holidays Types people and society.
home and garden is Individual.
home and garden Types shopping.
home improvement is Individual.
home improvement Types home and garden.
horses is Individual.
horses Types pets and animals.
human resources is Individual.
human resources Types career and education.
humor is Individual.
humor Types arts and entertainment.
immigration and visas is Individual.
immigration and visas Types law and government.
industrial goods and services is Individual.
industrial goods and services Types business and industry.
instruments and supplies is Individual.
instruments and supplies Types science.
insurance is Individual.
insurance Types finance.
interior decor is Individual.
interior decor Types home and garden.
investing is Individual.
investing Types finance.
jewelry is Individual.
jewelry Types shopping.
jobs and employment is Individual.
jobs and employment Types career and education.
law is Individual.
law Types law and government.
libraries and museums is Individual.
libraries and museums Types reference.
lottery is Individual.
lottery Types gambling.
magazines and e zines is Individual.
magazines and e zines Types news and media.
makes and models is Individual.
makes and models Types autos and vehicles.
maps is Individual.
maps Types reference.
marketing and advertising is Individual.
marketing and advertising Types business and industry.
martial arts is Individual.
martial arts Types sports.
math is Individual.
math Types science.
medical equipment and sensors is Individual.
medical equipment and sensors Types health.
medicine is Individual.
medicine Types health.
mens health is Individual.
mens health Types health.
mental health is Individual.
mental health Types health.
metals and mining is Individual.
metals and mining Types business and industry.
military and defense is Individual.
military and defense Types law and government.
miniatures is Individual.
miniatures Types games.
mobile developers is Individual.
mobile developers Types internet and telecom.
models is Individual.
models Types recreation and hobbies.
motorcycles is Individual.
motorcycles Types autos and vehicles.
motorsports is Individual.
motorsports Types autos and vehicles.
movies is Individual.
movies Types arts and entertainment.
moving and relocating is Individual.
moving and relocating Types home and garden.
music is Individual.
music Types shopping.
music and audio is Individual.
music and audio Types arts and entertainment.
networking is Individual.
networking Types computer and electronics.
newspapers is Individual.
newspapers Types news and media.
nudism is Individual.
nudism Types recreation and hobbies.
nursery and playroom is Individual.
nursery and playroom Types home and garden.
nutrition is Individual.
nutrition Types health.
office products is Individual.
office products Types shopping.
online is Individual.
online Types games.
online marketing is Individual.
online marketing Types internet and telecom.
outdoors is Individual.
outdoors Types recreation and hobbies.
performing arts is Individual.
performing arts Types arts and entertainment.
pets is Individual.
pets Types pets and animals.
pharmacy is Individual.
pharmacy Types health.
philanthropy is Individual.
philanthropy Types people and society.
philosophy is Individual.
philosophy Types people and society.
photography is Individual.
photography Types arts and entertainment.
physics is Individual.
physics Types science.
poker is Individual.
poker Types gambling.
products and shopping is Individual.
products and shopping Types health.
programming is Individual.
programming Types computer and electronics.
public health and safety is Individual.
public health and safety Types health.
publications is Individual.
publications Types shopping.
publishing and printing is Individual.
publishing and printing Types business and industry.
puzzles and brainteasers is Individual.
puzzles and brainteasers Types games.
real estate is Individual.
real estate Types business and industry.
regulation and organizations is Individual.
regulation and organizations Types gambling.
relationships and dating is Individual.
relationships and dating Types people and society.
religion and spirituality is Individual.
religion and spirituality Types people and society.
reproductive health is Individual.
reproductive health Types health.
restaurants and delivery is Individual.
restaurants and delivery Types food and drink.
roads and highways is Individual.
roads and highways Types travel.
roleplaying is Individual.
roleplaying Types games.
rugby is Individual.
rugby Types sports.
running is Individual.
running Types sports.
scouting is Individual.
scouting Types recreation and hobbies.
search engine is Individual.
search engine Types internet and telecom.
senior health is Individual.
senior health Types health.
skin care is Individual.
skin care Types beauty and fitness.
soccer is Individual.
soccer Types sports.
social network is Individual.
social network Types internet and telecom.
social sciences is Individual.
social sciences Types science.
software is Individual.
software Types computer and electronics.
sports is Individual.
sports Types gambling,.
sports Types shopping.
sports news is Individual.
sports news Types news and media.
technology news is Individual.
technology news Types news and media.
telecommunications is Individual.
telecommunications Types internet and telecom.
tennis is Individual.
tennis Types sports.
textiles and nonwovens is Individual.
textiles and nonwovens Types business and industry.
theme parks is Individual.
theme parks Types recreation and hobbies.
tobacco is Individual.
tobacco Types recreation and hobbies.
tourism is Individual.
tourism Types travel.
trains and railroads is Individual.
trains and railroads Types autos and vehicles.
transportation and logistics is Individual.
transportation and logistics Types business and industry.
tv and video is Individual.
tv and video Types arts and entertainment.
universities and colleges is Individual.
universities and colleges Types career and education.
vegetarian and vegan is Individual.
vegetarian and vegan Types food and drink.
video games is Individual.
video games Types games.
visual arts and design is Individual.
visual arts and design Types arts and entertainment.
volleyball is Individual.
volleyball Types sports.
water sports is Individual.
water sports Types sports.
weapons is Individual.
weapons Types recreation and hobbies.
weather is Individual.
weather Types news and media.
web design is Individual.
web design Types internet and telecom.
web hosting is Individual.
web hosting Types internet and telecom.
weddings is Individual.
weddings Types shopping.
weight loss is Individual.
weight loss Types beauty and fitness.
wholesale trade is Individual.
wholesale trade Types business and industry.
winter sports is Individual.
winter sports Types sports.
womens health is Individual.
womens health Types health.
womens interests is Individual.
womens interests Types people and society.
facebook is Individual.
facebook Types provider.
twitter is Individual.
twitter Types provider.
web queries is Individual.
web queries Types provider.
