Approval%20date is Individual.
Assessment%20ID is Individual.
Assessment%20Tool is Individual.
Facility%20ID is Individual.
Facility%20category is Individual.
First%20reviewer is Individual.
SC%20Level%20awarded is Individual.
SC%20Level%20calculated is Individual.
SE1%20Score is Individual.
SE10%20Score is Individual.
SE11%20Score is Individual.
SE12%20Score is Individual.
SE13%20Score is Individual.
SE2%20Score is Individual.
SE3%20Score is Individual.
SE4%20Score is Individual.
SE5%20Score is Individual.
SE6%20Score is Individual.
SE7%20Score is Individual.
SE8%20Score is Individual.
SE9%20Score is Individual.
SafeCare%20Score%20Advanced is Individual.
SafeCare%20Score%20Rating%20(Basic) is Individual.
Team%20leader is Individual.
Team%20members is Individual.
Type%20of%20ownership is Individual.
Visit%20number is Individual.
AGE AT ENROLMENT is Individual.
ANC booklet is Individual.
Ability read write is Individual.
Actual delivery date is Individual.
Age at enrolment is Individual.
Age group is Individual.
Ancs is Individual.
BENEFICIARY ID ORG is Individual.
Beneficiary id careanalytics is Individual.
Breastfeeding challenges 1 is Individual.
Breastfeeding challenges text is Individual.
Breastfeeding confidence is Individual.
Breastfeeding confidence spaces is Individual.
Breastfeeding currentmode is Individual.
Breastfeeding information is Individual.
Breastfeeding mode is Individual.
Breastfeeding preference is Individual.
Breastfeeding support received is Individual.
Breastfeeding time is Individual.
Breastfeeding yesno is Individual.
CARE ANALYTICS ID is Individual.
Care usage services is Individual.
Care usage tests is Individual.
Care usage tests other is Individual.
Child age is Individual.
Child age of death is Individual.
Child age of death text is Individual.
Child age text is Individual.
Child alive is Individual.
Child cause of death is Individual.
Child cause of death text is Individual.
Clinic referral source is Individual.
Clinic visit current pregnancy before is Individual.
Clinic visit outside 1 is Individual.
Clinic visit outside n is Individual.
Clinic visit outside reason is Individual.
Clinic visit outside reason text is Individual.
Clinic visit previous pregnancy is Individual.
Cohort is Individual.
Complications previous pregnancy is Individual.
Consent participation is Individual.
Counselling is Individual.
Country is Individual.
Current week is Individual.
DATE OF BIRTH is Individual.
DATE TREATMENT is Individual.
DIAGNOSIS is Individual.
DIAGNOSIS CA is Individual.
DIAGNOSIS ID is Individual.
DIAGN CAT is Individual.
DIAGN CODE is Individual.
DIAGN DESCRIPTION is Individual.
DIAGN LABEL is Individual.
DIAGN NO is Individual.
DIAG gen is Individual.
Date finished is Individual.
Date of birth is Individual.
Dbt recency value is Individual.
Delivery is Individual.
Delivery complications 1 is Individual.
Delivery danger signs is Individual.
Delivery out is Individual.
Delivery out where is Individual.
Delivery rating is Individual.
Delivery respect is Individual.
Delivery type is Individual.
Delivery weeks along is Individual.
Delivery wellhandled is Individual.
Diagnoses is Individual.
District is Individual.
Dwh inserttime is Individual.
ENROLMENT DATE is Individual.
ENROLMENT PROVIDER ID is Individual.
ENROLMENT PROVIDER LEVEL is Individual.
ENROLMENT PROVIDER NAME is Individual.
ENROLMENT REGION is Individual.
EVENT is Individual.
EVENT COSTS is Individual.
EVENT DESCRIPTION is Individual.
EVENT ID is Individual.
EVENT TYPE is Individual.
Education level is Individual.
EndingDate is Individual.
Enrolment date is Individual.
Enrolment provider id is Individual.
Enrolment provider name is Individual.
Enrolment region is Individual.
Enrolment trimester is Individual.
Enrolment week is Individual.
Existing health conditions is Individual.
Existing health conditions other is Individual.
Expected delivery date is Individual.
Experience lamazeclass is Individual.
Experience overall is Individual.
Experience overall reason is Individual.
Facility is Individual.
Facility delivery choice reason is Individual.
Facility delivery choice reason text is Individual.
Facility name delivery is Individual.
Facility type delivery is Individual.
Facility type hospital is Individual.
Feedback consent is Individual.
Feedback consent 1 is Individual.
Health challenges daily 1 is Individual.
Height is Individual.
Hospital name is Individual.
Household adults is Individual.
Household airtime spendperweek is Individual.
Household bankaccount is Individual.
Household children is Individual.
Household chronic condition is Individual.
Household educationlevel head is Individual.
Household electricity is Individual.
Household fuel cooking is Individual.
Household hunger pastyear is Individual.
Household iron is Individual.
Household material floor is Individual.
Household material roof is Individual.
Household material walls is Individual.
Household persons is Individual.
Household radio is Individual.
Household rooms is Individual.
Household source energy is Individual.
Household television is Individual.
Household toilet type is Individual.
ITEM CODE is Individual.
ITEM ID is Individual.
ITEM NAME is Individual.
ITEM NO is Individual.
Imms is Individual.
Improve comfort is Individual.
Improve experience how is Individual.
Improve experience like dislike is Individual.
Improve experience like dislike 2 is Individual.
Improve experience like dislike delivery is Individual.
Improve experience like dislike postnatal is Individual.
Improve experience like dislike registration is Individual.
Improve how is Individual.
Improve service clinic is Individual.
Improve service clinic 2 is Individual.
Improve services is Individual.
Improve why is Individual.
Inform time delivery visit is Individual.
Information enough is Individual.
Information next visit is Individual.
Information pregnancy is Individual.
Interview continue is Individual.
InterviewerID is Individual.
Is adult is Individual.
Journey score is Individual.
Latitude is Individual.
Lifestyle smokedrinkdrugs is Individual.
Location is Individual.
Longitude is Individual.
Mental experience depression is Individual.
Mental experience interest is Individual.
Mental experience post delivery 1 is Individual.
Obstetric history is Individual.
Organization is Individual.
PATIENT ID is Individual.
PAYMENT STATUS is Individual.
PROVIDER is Individual.
PROVIDER ID is Individual.
Pncs is Individual.
Pregnancy EDD is Individual.
Pregnancy age first time is Individual.
Pregnancy children birth number is Individual.
Pregnancy history is Individual.
Pregnancy history amount is Individual.
Pregnancy history amount before is Individual.
Program is Individual.
Quality of life is Individual.
Quality of life spaces is Individual.
REFERENCE is Individual.
Recommend facility delivery is Individual.
Recommend facility delivery text is Individual.
Recommend to others is Individual.
Region is Individual.
Residence county is Individual.
Risk factors is Individual.
Risk level is Individual.
Role feelings is Individual.
Role preparation is Individual.
Role preparation spaces is Individual.
Satisfaction why not is Individual.
Service comfort is Individual.
Service dislike is Individual.
Service like 1 is Individual.
Service like 2 is Individual.
Service payment is Individual.
Service payment what is Individual.
Service satisfaction is Individual.
Service satisfaction 1 is Individual.
Service satisfaction 2 is Individual.
Service satisfaction 3 is Individual.
Service satisfaction secondclinic is Individual.
Social satisfaction is Individual.
Social support persons is Individual.
StartingDate is Individual.
Support ANC PNC is Individual.
Support delivery is Individual.
Survey language choice is Individual.
TOTAL COST is Individual.
TREATMENT ID is Individual.
TREATMENT STATUS is Individual.
Total costs is Individual.
Total costs eur is Individual.
Transport mode delivery is Individual.
Transport mode facility is Individual.
Travel means is Individual.
Travel time is Individual.
VISIT DATE is Individual.
VISIT DIAGNOSIS ID is Individual.
VISIT DIAGN NO is Individual.
VISIT ID is Individual.
VISIT ITEM NO is Individual.
VISIT NO is Individual.
VISIT NUMBER is Individual.
VISIT PROVIDER ID is Individual.
VISIT PROVIDER LEVEL is Individual.
VISIT PROVIDER NAME is Individual.
VISIT PROVIDER REGION is Individual.
VISIT TYPE is Individual.
Version is Individual.
Week risk detection is Individual.
beneficiary id is Individual.
contactid is Individual.
enrolment survey is Individual.
eoj call is Individual.
ke-diagn is Individual.
ke-items is Individual.
patient overviews is Individual.
program id is Individual.
safe care is Individual.
sms survey is Individual.
tz-diagn is Individual.
tz-items is Individual.
